fix: updated logs for hydra guide. closes #750 (#757)
ory/docs: docs/hydra/configure-deploy.mdx

    --client-secret some-secret \
    --scope openid,offline,photos.read

Setting up home route on http://127.0.0.1:9010/
Setting up callback listener on http://127.0.0.1:9010/callback
Press ctrl + c on Linux / Windows or cmd + c on OSX to end the process.

> If your browser does not open automatically, navigate to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your browser doesn't open automatically, navigate to:
```

Probably need to fix this in the CLI / API docs at some point. I think the contraction is much more natural sounding 🤷
